I saw that! You put something in
there!Put that bloody thing away! You're
trying to poison me!In that case, you won't mind if I
insist that you try some first?Thank you, but I'd prefer my apple
sauce without arsenic-- oh, I'm sorry, I say, am I to spend the entire day
wallowing around in my own feces?
(CLAPS HIS HANDS; RE: DIAPER) A little
service here!You've seen nothing here! Do you
understand me, nothing!It seems the domestic overseers are
plotting against me. Their plans
somehow relate to the impending
anniversary of my escape from that
uterine gulag. I can still recall the
events which led to my capture.It was every potential man for
himself.But my triumph was short-lived. It was
a trap, and I found myself confined to
an inadequate, damp cell for nine
grueling months...Day one-seventy-one of captivity. I've
sprouted another finger. Counting the
one from yesterday... ...I'm up to eleven. But still, as
long as I am interned in this viscous
confine, I am powerless...Powerless! Of course! They plan to put
me back in the womb. But how? Surely
they can't force me back through that
unholy aperture from whence I escaped.
Not without help... (REALIZING) from
"the professional!" Well, two can play
at that game!I, too, shall require professional
forces. Yes, here we go.
Managua, the Mecca of Mercenaries! I
must go there at once!
Some provisions for my journey.
Grenades, mace, baggie full of
Cheerios...LOIS
(OBLIVIOUS) Look, I've been planning
this day since my ultrasound. Now our
entire family is gonna be at Cheesie
Charlie's on Saturday, and that
includes you, understood?Listen to me, (READING HER NAMETAG)
Jolene. One ticket to Nicaragua. I
want a window seat, and an in-flight
Happy Meal. And no pickles! Oh, God
help you if I find pickles.No, but my cause will be if I miss my
flight to Managua. They'll put me back
in that labial Leavenworth.What are you doing? Put down that
phone at once or I'll disconnect it
and your right hand.No! Damn you, you're one of them,
aren't you. What are they paying you?
I‘ll double it! I‘ll give you whatever
you want. Money. Women. Men?You won't get me to talk. Not even
with cold running water, jumper
cables, and a car battery!Stewart Gilligan Griffin runs from
nothing!Hmm. The ruptured
capillaries in your nose belie the
clarity of your wisdom. It seems the
answer to my dilemma lies not in some
war-torn third-world republic, but
deep within myself. I will face this
"professional" who tasks me. And as
for you, kind sage, I only hope my,
heartfelt thanks will keep you warm as
you spend the next ten years IN FROZEN
CARBONITE!The prison cell had become smaller and
smaller as the days passed. My only
means of retaliation were my impotent
kicks.I could hear my captors mocking me.I was quite sure that soon I would be
dead.And then, without warning, there was a
light at the end of the tunnel. I took
advantage of the opening. Free at
last!But suddenly, I was seized by a
mysterious Man in White!The Man in White! Of course. That
cervical warden failed to thwart my
escape into the outside world. Now, on
the anniversary of his blunder, he's
returning to rectify his mistake and
put me back in the womb! But I shall
be prepared.The hour of reckoning is at hand. The
Man in White is coming for me. You
could be next. And you!But today I offer you the opportunity
to join with me in glorious battle. I
know there are some amongst you whose
motor skills are not yet developed.
Sadly, you will be used as decoys. But
your children's children will know
that you fell for a noble cause. Now,
who's with me?Useless, everyone of you! Fine! I'll
defend myself and the rest of you can
rot in hell! (BEAT; AGGRAVATED SIGH)
There, I‘ve gone and soiled myself.
Are you happy now?Freedom! What
do you want?Victory is mine!
Waiting, Brian.  I might suggest
you climb to higher ground if you
want stay alive.
You're right!  I must find another
method of staying off of the floor!
My God. How wonderful. I need to
obtain a levitation device of my
own if I am to control the world.
STEWIE
Augh! Put me down, dog!
Oh, Rupert. I must find the secret
of levitation. If I can do that,
imagine what kind of command I
would have over the world.
Continue your carping. I won't be
long.
Before I make MacGyver one of my
slave drones, I intend to ask him
how it is that he managed to make
a bazooka out of a plastic bottle,
a safety pin, and two rubber
bands.Oh, and victory is mine! Blah,
blah, blah. Is anyone listening
any more?Be quiet, woman. I'm trying to
have an important conversation.I was up too late last night,
Rupert. What is it you were
blabbering on about, anyway? Oh,
well, you can't cry over spilled
milk. Let's face facts: Demi
married the pool boy. He'll fetch
her drinks at the Beverly Hills
Country Club and rub lotion on her
back one minute and in the next
she'll become Gloria Swanson in
"Sunset Boulevard"---What's that?
A three-way conversation? Oh,
Rupert! You have such a way with
the double entendre!
Wait a moment, Rupert. The
pubescent trollop has emerged from
changing and...oh, dear God...it
looks like a flamingo has exploded
all over her.          	            STEWIE
Yes, you look like one of the
Lucky Charms. Looks like the only
man after you will be a
leprechaun. Ha! Ha-ha-ha!
What's the difference between a
leprechaun and an elf? I swear,
Rupert, I don't know how you made
it out of Princeton.My experiment is a success! My
first step towards world
domination! I guess this means I
better file my patent on Monday
morning.
